Add note about nested parameters parsing change in rack 3 (#2260)
rack/rack: UPGRADE-GUIDE.md

`Rack::RewindableInput::Middleware` to make the body rewindable, and call
`.rewind` explicitly to match this behavior.

> ### Nested query parsing does not accept the `a[b[c]]=x` syntax any more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Invalid nested query parsing syntax `a[b[c]]=x` no longer works the same as valid syntax `a[b][c]=x`
```

> Despite being non-standard, this syntax is sometimes used by Rails
> applications because Rack 2 was (involuntarily) parsing it correctly.
> 
> This syntax is no longer supported by Rack 3 and will lead to
> incorrect results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This invalid syntax was never officially supported.  However, some libraries
and applications used it anyway.  Due to implementation details, Rack 2
ended up parsing it the same as the correct syntax. The implementation
was changed in Rack 3, and this invalid syntax is no longer parsed the same
way as the correct syntax:
```

> ### Invalid nested query parsing syntax `a[b[c]]=x` no longer works the same as valid syntax `a[b][c]=x`
> 
> This invalid syntax was never officially supported.  However, some libraries
> and applications used it anyway.  Due to implementation details, Rack 2
> ended up parsing it the same as the correct syntax. The implementation
> was changed in Rack 3, and this invalid syntax is no longer parsed the same
> way as the correct syntax:

Reviewer 2: I want to keep the title a bit cleaner, but everything else looks good.

```suggestion
### Invalid nested query parsing syntax

Previously, Rack 2 was able to parse the query string `a[b[c]]=x` in the same
way as `a[b][c]=x`. This invalid syntax was never officially supported. However,
some libraries and applications used it anyway. Due to implementation details,
Rack 2 ended up parsing it the same as the correct syntax. The implementation
was changed in Rack 3, and this invalid syntax is no longer parsed the same way
as the correct syntax:
```

`Rack::RewindableInput::Middleware` to make the body rewindable, and call
`.rewind` explicitly to match this behavior.

### Invalid nested query parsing syntax

Previously, Rack 2 was able to parse the query string `a[b[c]]=x` in the same
way as `a[b][c]=x`. This invalid syntax was never officially supported. However,
some libraries and applications used it anyway. Due to implementation details,
Rack 2 ended up parsing it the same as the correct syntax. The implementation
was changed in Rack 3, and this invalid syntax is no longer parsed the same way
as the correct syntax:

```ruby
Rack::Utils.parse_nested_query("a[b[c]]=x")
# Rack 3 => {"a"=>{"b[c"=>{"]"=>"x"}}} ❌
# Rack 2 => {"a"=>{"b"=>{"c"=>"x"}}} ✅
```

The correct syntax for nested parameters is `a[b][c]=x` and you'll need
to change that in your application code to be compatible with Rack 3:

```ruby
Rack::Utils.parse_nested_query("a[b][c]=x")
# Rack 3 => {"a"=>{"b"=>{"c"=>"x"}}} ✅
# Rack 2 => {"a"=>{"b"=>{"c"=>"x"}}} ✅
```

> See https://github.com/rack/rack/issues/2128

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See <https://github.com/rack/rack/issues/2128> for more context.
```
